# Cornhacks
FLASH FORWARD DEMO
By Madalyn Lobmeyer and Nick Colleran

Description of game, challenges we encountered, and our future plans

Flash forward is a time travel puzzle platformer where the goal is to go back and forth between the present and the future to get the needed information to put together a vaccine for Covip-1.9. You play as the character Labcoat-Lydia, a scientist that has invented a pocket sized time travel device. She lives in a world that was thrown into a pandemic, and with hope for a vaccine wearing thin, she looks to the future. In the present, Lydia places down traffic cones to mark construction projects, then transports to the future where the construction has been completed. This allows her to access areas that would be impossible to get to otherwise. Once she has all the information she needs, she takes it back to the present and saves her people. 
This is a demo of our two-man-team’s conceptual idea of a game about swapping between the present and the future, and having events in the present impact the future in this way. We used the Unity engine to make this possible. Unity took a large chunk of the physics engine off our hands, but the rest was scripted in c# as well as worked on through unities GUI. All of the art work was done by our team, including the character design and animation, the backgrounds, and the sprites for all objects.
We encountered quite a few challenges along the way. To start, we lost a member due to a registration error right at the start. Working as a two man team meant that communication was a bit easier, but we had a massive amount of work to get done. We had a slight conceptual idea of what we wanted to make beforehand, but doing all the conceptual work, all the art, and all the coding with only two people was definitely not easy. Following is a list of a few specific issues we ran into that held us back significantly: the character design took multiple hours of fine tuning to make it look just right, getting the animation to run properly as the character moved ended up having a simple solution that was only found after many failed attempts at various more complicated solutions, the character movement was very buggy at first with issues such as infinite jumps being possible. These are just a few examples to illustrate some of our struggles, but there were many others. We used these as learning experiences to the best of our ability, and now have a much more solid background for moving forward with this game.
We hope to continue development on this project after cornhacks, making a more robust project overall. Some things we hope to add are: more artwork, more levels, more robust puzzles, and possibly a two player mode. We also hope to include more of our friends in this project, and watch as it grows with the help of a community. 



Controls, and how to use

	When the game is opened, it will load up a menu with the options to start the game, view the controls, or quit the game. Once the game is started, the character can be controlled with your choice of the wasd or arrow keys to move. Regardless, space is used to jump, q is used to time travel, and r is used to drop a cone. The cone can only be dropped in designated areas, and only one can be on the field at a time. To pick the cone back up, run back into it. Pressing the escape key will bring up a pause menu with the options to resume or exit to the main menu. We are hoping more mechanics will be added in the future. If they are, documentation will be added here. 
